docs: api client (#8821)
scalar/scalar: documentation/guides/app/community.md

# Community

> The Scalar API Client is fully open-source and built together with the community. Whether you want to report a bug, request a feature, or just hang out with other API nerds, here is where to find us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scalar API Client is fully open-source and built together with the community. Whether you want to report a bug, request a feature, or just hang out with other API nerds, this is where you can find us.
```
